README.md, before:

<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->
RStudio addins manager
======================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/csgillespie/addinmanager.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/csgillespie/addinmanager) [![CRAN\_Status\_Badge](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/addinmanager)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=addinmanager)

RStudio addins let you execute a bit of R code or a Shiny app through the RStudio IDE, either via the Addins dropdown menu or with a keyboard shortcut. This package is an RStudio addin for managing **other** addins. To run these addins, you need the latest version of [RStudio](https://www.rstudio.com/).

Installation
------------

The package can be installed via `devtools`

    ## Need the latest version of DT as well
    devtools::install_github('rstudio/DT')
    devtools::install_github("csgillespie/addinmanager")

Running addins
--------------

After installing the package, the *Addins* menu toolbar will be populated with a new addin called **Addin Manager**. When you lauch this addin, a DT table will be launched:

![Screenshot](https://raw.github.com/csgillespie/addinmanager/master/images/screenshot.png)

In the screenshot above, the highlighted addins, `shinyjs` and `ggThemeAssit`, indicate that this addins have already installed.

When you click **Done**

-   Highlighted addins will be installed.
-   Un-highlighted addins will be removed.

Simple!

Including your addin
--------------------

Just fork and alter the [addin file](https://github.com/csgillespie/addinmanager/tree/master/inst/extdata) which is located in the `inst/extdata` directory. This file is a csv file with three columns:

-   addin Name/title
-   Brief Description
-   Package. If the package is only on github, use name/repo.

The initial list of addins was obtain from [daattali](https://github.com/daattali/rstudio-addins) repo.

Current List of Addins
----------------------

| Name                    | Description                                                                    | Package                            |
|:------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------|
| Colour picker           | Lets you easily select colours                                                 | shinyjs                            |
| ggplot2 Marginal Plots  | Add marginal plots to ggplot2                                                  | ggExtra                            |
| ggplot Theme Assist     | Customize your ggplot theme                                                    | ggThemeAssist                      |
| Schedule Rscripts       | Easily scheduling Rscripts                                                     | jwijffels/taskscheduleR            |
| Assign default values   | Set function arguments in selection to their default values                    | jennybc/jadd                       |
| Wrap Rmd                | Wrap selected R Markdown text but don't insert lines breaks into inline R code | tjmahr/WrapRmd                     |
| Tidy Data               | Interactively build tidyr function call (gather)                               | MangoTheCat/tidyshiny              |
| Lattice Plotting        | Interactively build plots using the `lattice` system                           | homerhanumat/addinplots            |
| Copy Frame to Clipboard | Copy a `data.frame` to the clipboard                                           | BAAQMD/copydat                     |
| Render Rmd in Console   | Render an R Markdown document in the global environment                        | jeffjjohnston/RStudioConsoleRender |
| Document This           | Auto-generate Roxygen skeletons for functions and data                         | mdlincoln/docthis                  |
| Hist Add-In             | Interactively create histograms with ggplot2 and obtain the R Code             | Stan125/limoaddin                  |

Other information
-----------------

-   If you have any suggestions or find bugs, please use the github [issue tracker](https://github.com/csgillespie/addmanager/issues).
-   Feel free to submit pull requests.
-   TODO: Make the package name a url in the table.

Commit message:

Update README with command line example

README.md, after:

<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->
RStudio addins manager
======================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/csgillespie/addinmanager.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/csgillespie/addinmanager) [![CRAN\_Status\_Badge](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/addinmanager)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=addinmanager)

RStudio addins let you execute a bit of R code or a Shiny app through the RStudio IDE, either via the Addins dropdown menu or with a keyboard shortcut. This package is an RStudio addin for managing **other** addins. To run these addins, you need the latest version of [RStudio](https://www.rstudio.com/).

Installation
------------

The package can be installed via `devtools`

``` r
## Need the latest version of DT as well
devtools::install_github('rstudio/DT')
devtools::install_github("csgillespie/addinmanager")
```

You can test the package at the command line with

``` r
addinmanager::addin_manager()
```

Running addins
--------------

After installing the package, the *Addins* menu toolbar will be populated with a new addin called **Addin Manager**. When you lauch this addin, a DT table will be launched:

![Screenshot](https://raw.github.com/csgillespie/addinmanager/master/images/screenshot.png)

In the screenshot above, the highlighted addins, `shinyjs` and `ggThemeAssit`, indicate that this addins have already installed.

When you click **Done**

-   Highlighted addins will be installed.
-   Un-highlighted addins will be removed.

Simple!

Including your addin
--------------------

Just fork and alter the [addin file](https://github.com/csgillespie/addinmanager/tree/master/inst/extdata) which is located in the `inst/extdata` directory. This file is a csv file with three columns:

-   addin Name/title
-   Brief Description
-   Package. If the package is only on github, use name/repo.

The initial list of addins was obtain from [daattali](https://github.com/daattali/rstudio-addins) repo.

Current List of Addins
----------------------

| Name                    | Description                                                                    | Package                            |
|:------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------|
| Colour picker           | Lets you easily select colours                                                 | shinyjs                            |
| ggplot2 Marginal Plots  | Add marginal plots to ggplot2                                                  | ggExtra                            |
| ggplot Theme Assist     | Customize your ggplot theme                                                    | ggThemeAssist                      |
| Schedule Rscripts       | Easily scheduling Rscripts                                                     | jwijffels/taskscheduleR            |
| Assign default values   | Set function arguments in selection to their default values                    | jennybc/jadd                       |
| Wrap Rmd                | Wrap selected R Markdown text but don't insert lines breaks into inline R code | tjmahr/WrapRmd                     |
| Tidy Data               | Interactively build tidyr function call (gather)                               | MangoTheCat/tidyshiny              |
| Lattice Plotting        | Interactively build plots using the `lattice` system                           | homerhanumat/addinplots            |
| Copy Frame to Clipboard | Copy a `data.frame` to the clipboard                                           | BAAQMD/copydat                     |
| Render Rmd in Console   | Render an R Markdown document in the global environment                        | jeffjjohnston/RStudioConsoleRender |
| Document This           | Auto-generate Roxygen skeletons for functions and data                         | mdlincoln/docthis                  |
| Hist Add-In             | Interactively create histograms with ggplot2 and obtain the R Code             | Stan125/limoaddin                  |

Other information
-----------------

-   If you have any suggestions or find bugs, please use the github [issue tracker](https://github.com/csgillespie/addmanager/issues).
-   Feel free to submit pull requests.
-   TODO: Make the package name a url in the table.
